MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT

This Master Services Agreement (the "Agreement") is made on 3 March 2026

BETWEEN:

(1) NORTHWIND FITNESS LIMITED, a company incorporated in England and Wales
    (company number 09283746) whose registered office is at 14 Chandos Place,
    London WC2N 4HS ("Customer"); and

(2) MERIDIAN E-CO LIMITED, a company incorporated in Ireland (company number
    664821) whose registered office is at 22 Fitzwilliam Square, Dublin 2
    ("Supplier").

1. SERVICES
1.1 The Supplier shall provide the website design, migration and paid media
    services described in each Statement of Work agreed between the parties.
1.2 The Supplier shall perform the Services with reasonable skill and care.

2. TERM
2.1 This Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues for an initial
    period of thirty-six (36) months (the "Initial Term").
2.2 On expiry of the Initial Term this Agreement shall renew automatically for
    successive periods of twenty-four (24) months unless either party gives
    written notice of non-renewal not less than seven (7) days before the end of
    the then-current term.

3. CHARGES AND PAYMENT
3.1 The Customer shall pay the Charges set out in the relevant Statement of Work.
3.2 Invoices are payable within seven (7) days of the date of invoice.
3.3 The Supplier may increase the Charges at any time on written notice to the
    Customer, and any such increase shall take effect immediately.
3.4 Interest accrues on overdue sums at 8% per annum above the base rate.

4. TERMINATION
4.1 Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately if the other commits a
    material breach which is not remedied within thirty (30) days of notice.
4.2 The Customer may not terminate this Agreement for convenience during the
    Initial Term or any renewal term.
4.3 The Supplier may terminate this Agreement for convenience on thirty (30)
    days' written notice.

5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
5.1 All intellectual property rights in any materials created by the Supplier
    under this Agreement, including all pre-existing tools, libraries and
    frameworks used in their creation, shall vest in the Customer absolutely on
    creation.
5.2 The Supplier grants the Customer a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide licence
    to use the Supplier's methodologies.

6. CONFIDENTIALITY
6.1 Each party shall keep confidential all Confidential Information of the other
    party and shall not disclose it to any third party without prior written
    consent.

7. LIABILITY
7.1 Nothing in this Agreement limits either party's liability for death or
    personal injury caused by negligence or for fraud.
7.2 Subject to clause 7.1, the Supplier's total aggregate liability arising out
    of or in connection with this Agreement shall be unlimited.
7.3 Subject to clause 7.1, the Customer's total aggregate liability shall not
    exceed the Charges paid in the three (3) months preceding the claim.
7.4 The Customer shall not be liable for any indirect or consequential loss.

8. INDEMNITY
8.1 The Supplier shall indemnify and hold harmless the Customer against all
    losses, damages, costs and expenses of any kind whatsoever arising out of or
    in connection with the Services, howsoever caused.

9. DATA
9.1 Each party shall comply with applicable data protection legislation.

10. ASSIGNMENT
10.1 The Customer may assign or transfer this Agreement to any third party
     without the consent of the Supplier.
10.2 The Supplier shall not assign this Agreement without the prior written
     consent of the Customer.

11. NON-SOLICITATION
11.1 The Supplier shall not, for a period of thirty-six (36) months following
     termination, provide services of any kind to any competitor of the Customer.

12. GOVERNING LAW
12.1 This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Delaware and the
     parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Delaware.
